[ETCM-271] Add mantis support to Conseil (#1)
input-output-hk/mantis-indexer-api: README.md

# Mantis-Indexer-API

> Mantis-Conseil is a fork of [Conseil](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mantis-conseil) to include support for mantis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mantis-Conseil is a fork of [Conseil](https://github.com/Cryptonomic/Conseil) to include support for mantis.
```

Conseil is an indexer and API for blockchains and consists of two processes:
- Lorre: it indexes the blockchain by downloading data from a blockchain node and storing it in a database.
- Conseil: it provides an API into the blockchain data indexed by Lorre.

Information on using, running, configuring and developing Conseil can be found on the [Conseil Wiki](https://github.com/Cryptonomic/Conseil/wiki).

# Conseil for Mantis

The following steps were taken from the [Conseil Wiki](https://github.com/Cryptonomic/Conseil/wiki), so you can got there for more detailed information.

Both Lorre and the api can be run separately or simultaneouly, since they're independent processes.

> **1. Building Conseil (both lorre and the api):**

Reviewer: (issue) Docker support for mantis
